OSDOCS-14356-New: Added bond best practices info to networking docs (#93160)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/enable-active-backup-mode.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/advanced_networking/network-bonding-considerations.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="enable-active-backup-mode_{context}"]
= Enable active-backup mode for your cluster

[role="_abstract"]

> The `active-backup` mode provides fault tolerance for network connections by switching to a backup link where the primary link fails. The mode specifies the following ports for your cluster:

Reviewer: [Avoid self-referential language in abstracts.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xRc_licMTbLrLG9vmJ4bP9aPk6mzwwly5lGlkRz9d9s/edit?tab=t.0)

Should we remove the second sentence so that it doesn't get added to the short desc?
```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can use the `active-backup` mode to provide fault tolerance for network connections by switching to a backup link where the primary link fails. 

The mode specifies the following ports for your cluster:
```

* An active port where one physical interface sends and receives traffic at any given time.

> * A standby port where all other ports act as backup links and continously monitor their link status.

Reviewer: Should the list intro be in a separate paragraph so that it doesn't get included in the short desc? 

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
The `active-backup` mode provides fault tolerance for network connections by switching to a backup link where the primary link fails. 

The mode specifies the following ports for your cluster:
* An active port where one physical interface sends and receives traffic at any given time.
* A standby port where all other ports act as backup links and continously monitor their link status.
```
